She eats and feeds her young children. My uncle comes
to the border and to death in order to eat and feed
her family. Women, man in this country. This is
behind the Jews. I have done a job. Man,
I swear to God, I will leave women alone. Come out. I mean, it's not forbidden. Why do
you come here like this? What's wrong with the Jews? No, it's more
dangerous or dangerous.  He's a fool, he ruined the world, you man. A piece of
flour has become 800 shekels in this country. It's not
old yet. Man,
we're going north. You'll find Zakin before the
Jakar line. We want to go get some vegetables so we can eat. Watch us
and feed at school. What should we do? One with
two people's thoughts as they are and the spirit of more than one.  I
swear to God, you are going, God knows, you think you are coming back, and he is not coming back. I swear the day before yesterday, the young man and I stayed at the sea, a cruiser that hit the water and the snipers. I swear to God, I did not expect to come back. I swear to
God, I did not expect to go to
Tayyib, sitting with potatoes. We saw nothing but flying,
knock, knock, knock, from the one who died.  And the one who is right and
the one who is straying, by God Almighty, we did not expect to go
well, and the second day we repeat the same thing again, we will
go back to get food and drink, some potatoes, some
onions, there is pepper, whatever is in it,
so that the children can eat, we will bring it. The problem is with
children and young women, and it is not a problem.
They are patient, but women and children are patient.  He does not know
patience, and God will help him with their situation. Everyone is suffocated
and distressed, and the one who lost a loved one and the one who lost a
brother, why have we started eating the food of animals, may God bless you?
They have started mixing barley. Its age was barley flour, and
its age was barley flour. By God, its age.
In Arab history, we have not
heard of barley and corn flour, man, we have started eating.  Barley
flour and corn, and it makes their stomach ache, and we say, Oh God,
because of the siege and because of the Jews and the Daesh, we must be patient, even if it is in some
form. We remain patient. We are in this homeland, O
great one.
Subs lest
from